# Version `0.3`
###### This is an official update from The Uxtron Team. If you have any issues regarding version 0.2 or any questions, feel free to contact us in our [discord server](https://discord.gg/EuzUKcNuKD)!

With version 0.3, many many new things have been brought into Uxtron including 7 new and very powerful commands, all polished to the best degree and many old commands have been improved. 

## Updates

- Bug fixes
- 7 new commands
- Enhanced help menu
- Polished every command
*more details below...*


### Bug fixes
As you might have realized, Uxtron has a few bugs. This is almost inevitable but through your help with reporting the bugs, we have fixed all of them. Thank you!

### New commands
The 7 new commands we introduced have been created for many reasons. One of the main reasons is to make doing certain things easier.

- /alert
- /leaderboard
- /give
- /giveaway
- /stock
- /ticket
- /rank

### Enhanced help menu `0.3.1`
We have improved the help menu greatly, adding helpful links, clarifying descriptions and improving the overall style but one of the biggest changes is the fact that now, if press on the command name, the command will pop up on your text bar, ready for you to use. Try it yourself! 

### Polished commands
After the many suggestions we recieved from all of you, we have made the command style of all Uxtron commands look better and polished all the commands up with embeds, buttons and many other things!


> **An official Uxtron Team update**<br />
> *If you have any questions regarding version 0.3, please contact us [here](https://discord.gg/EuzUKcNuKD)!*
